README.md, before:

[![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/json-patch.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/json-patch)
[![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/d/json-patch.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/json-patch)
[![Build](https://github.com/idubrov/json-patch/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/idubrov/json-patch/actions)
[![Codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/idubrov/json-patch/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=hdcr6yfBfa)](https://codecov.io/gh/idubrov/json-patch)

# json-patch

A [JSON Patch (RFC 6902)](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6902) and
[JSON Merge Patch (RFC 7396)](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7396) implementation for Rust.

## Usage

Add this to your *Cargo.toml*:
```toml
[dependencies]
json-patch = "*"
```

## Examples
Create and patch document using JSON Patch:

```rust
#[macro_use]
use json_patch::{Patch, patch};
use serde_json::{from_value, json};

let mut doc = json!([
    { "name": "Andrew" },
    { "name": "Maxim" }
]);

let p: Patch = from_value(json!([
  { "op": "test", "path": "/0/name", "value": "Andrew" },
  { "op": "add", "path": "/0/happy", "value": true }
])).unwrap();

patch(&mut doc, &p).unwrap();
assert_eq!(doc, json!([
  { "name": "Andrew", "happy": true },
  { "name": "Maxim" }
]));

```

Create and patch document using JSON Merge Patch:

```rust
#[macro_use]
use json_patch::merge;
use serde_json::json;

let mut doc = json!({
  "title": "Goodbye!",
  "author" : {
    "givenName" : "John",
    "familyName" : "Doe"
  },
  "tags":[ "example", "sample" ],
  "content": "This will be unchanged"
});

let patch = json!({
  "title": "Hello!",
  "phoneNumber": "+01-123-456-7890",
  "author": {
    "familyName": null
  },
  "tags": [ "example" ]
});

merge(&mut doc, &patch);
assert_eq!(doc, json!({
  "title": "Hello!",
  "author" : {
    "givenName" : "John"
  },
  "tags": [ "example" ],
  "content": "This will be unchanged",
  "phoneNumber": "+01-123-456-7890"
}));
```

## License

Licensed under either of

 * Apache License, Version 2.0, ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
 * MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

at your option.

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be dual licensed as above, without any
additional terms or conditions.

Commit message:

chore: Update README.md with modified version information

README.md, after:

# json-patch for ktmrtb

is a modefied version of [json-patch](https://github.com/idubrov/json-patch) with extra features for ktmrtb.

[![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/json-patch.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/json-patch)
[![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/d/json-patch.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/json-patch)
[![Build](https://github.com/idubrov/json-patch/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/idubrov/json-patch/actions)
[![Codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/idubrov/json-patch/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=hdcr6yfBfa)](https://codecov.io/gh/idubrov/json-patch)

## json-patch

A [JSON Patch (RFC 6902)](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6902) and
[JSON Merge Patch (RFC 7396)](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7396) implementation for Rust.

## Usage

Add this to your *Cargo.toml*:

```toml
[dependencies]
json-patch = "*"
```

## Examples

Create and patch document using JSON Patch:

```rust
#[macro_use]
use json_patch::{Patch, patch};
use serde_json::{from_value, json};

let mut doc = json!([
    { "name": "Andrew" },
    { "name": "Maxim" }
]);

let p: Patch = from_value(json!([
  { "op": "test", "path": "/0/name", "value": "Andrew" },
  { "op": "add", "path": "/0/happy", "value": true }
])).unwrap();

patch(&mut doc, &p).unwrap();
assert_eq!(doc, json!([
  { "name": "Andrew", "happy": true },
  { "name": "Maxim" }
]));

```

Create and patch document using JSON Merge Patch:

```rust
#[macro_use]
use json_patch::merge;
use serde_json::json;

let mut doc = json!({
  "title": "Goodbye!",
  "author" : {
    "givenName" : "John",
    "familyName" : "Doe"
  },
  "tags":[ "example", "sample" ],
  "content": "This will be unchanged"
});

let patch = json!({
  "title": "Hello!",
  "phoneNumber": "+01-123-456-7890",
  "author": {
    "familyName": null
  },
  "tags": [ "example" ]
});

merge(&mut doc, &patch);
assert_eq!(doc, json!({
  "title": "Hello!",
  "author" : {
    "givenName" : "John"
  },
  "tags": [ "example" ],
  "content": "This will be unchanged",
  "phoneNumber": "+01-123-456-7890"
}));
```

## License

Licensed under either of

* Apache License, Version 2.0, ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or <http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0>)
* MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or <http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT>)

at your option.

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be dual licensed as above, without any
additional terms or conditions.
